Next up we have the bindings.
One of the key concepts in rabbit enqueue So we have Xchange and between the Q and the exchange we have
a binding binding Csar rules that exchange is used to route messages to cues.
We stated that again and again and here I am saying that again because this is a very important concept
to instruct an exchange named E to route messages to a cue called K.
So the K-Q has to be bound to the exchange.
Otherwise your messages are not going to be delivered to the SECU and your consumer will not receive
the message.
So this is a problem you have to be using this binding to bind your Xchange to your cue bindings may
have an optional rogering key attribute used by some exchange types.
So this is the topic exchange.
We have to provide a topic to have an optional argument and with that optional argument with that topic
our exchange can't bind itself to a specific queue so the routing key acts like a filter right.
So let's take the example as the binding analogy.
So think of the queue is like your destination in Istanbul city of Turkey and exchanges like the airport
in Istanbul city so bindings are routes from a tattered airport to your destination.
There can be like zero or much more ways to reach it right.
So I hope you're here with me in this analogy again.
Q is like your destination in Istanbul in Turkey and the exchanges like Ataturk Airport in Istanbul
and the bindings are like the routes from the airport to your destination.
So simply there can be like 0 are much more ways to reach it.
Simple as that.
This is a very important example and I hope you think about this again and again to grasp all the points
in this.
And finally if messages cannot be routed to any queue so simply there are no bondings for that exchange
it was published too.
So it is either dropped or returned to the publisher depending on the message attributes the publisher
has set.
So using proper and correct publishing arguments with their message your consumer will not be mistaken
because with that way your messages are being bounced back to you if they are not delivered to the consumer.
So this is a great way to communicate with consumers and other clients of your messaging system.
You have to be very careful about configuring rabbit MQ because otherwise your messages might get lost
in the system and they will not be delivered to your consumers.
Of course we're going to see lots of examples of configuring rabbit Q cute bindings Xchange and everything.
So just don't worry about it right now and I'll see you on the next video where we're going to talk
about rabbit MQ and other MQ solutions as based on the AM cupie.